# CROSS（Auction）
BountyProgramScheme-AuctionSmartContract


Introduction: CROSS is the world's first decentralized NFT issuance and trading platform with full-category financial derivatives (CeFi + DeFi) revenue. If big data holders and producers all over the world want to conduct large-scale data business, CROSS can help them realize value support and business advancement based on the data value generated by its financial derivatives.




Background: As the engine of big data quantitative valuation, DAVE can combine a series of big data financial derivatives by itself and hedge various financial risks through the CROSS automated algorithm. We need to realize the long-term value of data transactions through more diverse digital artworks and big data financial derivatives, and create an unprecedented big data NFT issuance & transaction ecology.



Development direction: We will have a simple public auction contract. You can use this as a reference to create more types of auction models and output more auction smart contracts, making our CROSS more interesting and interactive!


This warehouse provides a simple auction contract for your reference



CROSS Auction Smart Contract  
- Guide to the auction

- Solidity code and relevant documentation

- Script test

This bounty reward is 200USDT



Contributors：

Contributors who are individuals must be aged 18 or over. Each contributor represents and undertakes to comply with all local and relevant laws. CyberVein disclaims all liability (to the fullest extent possible at law) for any liabilities that might arise.



CyberVein reserves the right to:

- request the full name and contact details of the contributor;
- request from the contributor any other information that it considers to be necessary or desirable to determine the provenance of the Contribution;
- undertake any further investigations it deems fit to determine the provenance of the Contribution;
- publicly disclose the identity of the contributor and the amount of the Contribution; and if the contributor refuses to provide any information requested by CyberVein, CyberVein may refuse and return the Contribution to the contributor at its discretion.




If you have any questions, please write to cybervin's official website
mailbox:swapinfo@cybervein.org
